Add Wezterm support (#362)
jpalardy/vim-slime: README.md

end
```

### wezterm

[wezterm](https://wezfurlong.org/wezterm/index.html) is *not* the default, to use it you will have to add this line to your .vimrc:

    let g:slime_target = "wezterm"

When you invoke vim-slime for the first time, you will be prompted for more configuration.

> weztem pane id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wezterm pane id
```

>     This is the id of the kitty window that you wish to target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the id of the wezterm pane that you wish to target.
```
